All right.
So now we are going to start doing the evaluation of these, uh, record that we have got in the data
set using ragas.
So I'm going to add a markdown over here.
I'm going to say ragas.
Uh evaluation of Rag data that we have got.
Uh so there we go.
And now I'm going to add the code.
So for evaluation of the data set we are going to call the ragas.
And over here they have got a class called as uh evaluation data set.
Right.
And this class you can actually create an evaluation data set.
Let's say uh evaluation data set which is going to be evaluation data set dot from uh lists over here.
So you can pass either from list and if you have data uh from hugging face data set, you can also import
the data set from the hugging face.
I mean I have created a hugging face here.
I said to have all these datas earlier, which I can show you as well.
You can also read from a JSON file.
You can also do it from the pandas or dict.
And there is something like list.
And because you remember in our last lecture, we are creating a list of the data set.
So we can just use this list for reading the data from.
That is the data set over here.
So now this code will just work fine without any problem.
While I do a while, I do an import of the data set evaluation over here.
The final operation we need to do is we need to call our ragas.
And I'm going to import the evaluate over here and over here I'm going to be evaluating, as I told
you with the LMS.
So I need to import a class called as Lang chain LM wrapper, which is going to help us do the evaluation.
I mean, this wrapper will now help me to create the evaluation operation itself.
So what I say that, I'm going to say evaluation.
LM so here is where I'm going to add an evaluation LM and I'm going to call the long chain LM wrapper.
And here I need to pass the LM.
So guess what this time because this is going to be an LM which is going to be acting as an evaluator.
I'm going to be using a different evaluator LM this time.
So I'm going to probably guess what I'm going to use the most beefy, uh, LM that I have got in my
machine, which is the, uh, more sophisticated, uh, LM, for instance, which is going to be this
one.
As you can see, the llama 3.1 70 billion parameter is like 42 gig in my machine.
And I wanted to try out this one this time just to show you, like, how you can use this big, uh,
this big model as well.
Uh, with your execution.
I know my machine has got a bit of an inferencing power like it is 64 gig, and it's as Apple M1 Macs.
So probably this thing is going to be supported.
So I'm just going to relay on that at this time.
So let me run this block because we need this lm2, which is great.
And I'm going to add this lm2 over here.
Right.
So Lm2 is that Lm2.
Oh no sorry.
This is a Lm2 again.
And we have this lm2 right now.
So long chain LM wrapper is going to have this lm2 over here.
And now we are going to uh, we are going to do one more importing over here.
So we are going to use the metrics from ragas this time.
So the metrics which I am going to be using from ragas is going to be, uh lm uh lm context recall.
So which is going to be this one, and I'm going to check the faithfulness.
And maybe I can also check the, uh, factual correctness.
But you can see that they have got so many different, um, so many different way to verify things over
here.
Uh, context recall, context perception, context entity recall, things of that nature.
Let's say we have got the context recall over here and we have context procession.
So we can check if we have got context procession.
These are the things which I just showed you on the slide.
Remember in our last section you can do you can use that.
And there's also aspect critics answer similarity and answer relevance like that.
So answer correctness.
So you have got these kind of metrics as well.
I will try to just add these over here just in case.
And I have not tried these things before, but I'm just going to try it.
And let's try to run this and see how the evaluation really works.
I'm going to say result is equal to evaluate.
And I need to pass the data set over here.
Data set is going to be the evaluation data set that we created over here.
And we also need to pass the matrix.
The matrix is going to be all the metrics that we just have imported, which is going to be, uh, the
LM context recall, uh, and the faithfulness and context precision.
And finally, the answer relevance.
So I'm going to add all of these over here.
And we are going to print that result, uh, which is going to be over here.
Right.
This is going to take more time, guys.
This is going to take at least, uh, quite a lot of time in my machine, uh, because we are using
a bigger, uh, bigger LM model.
So probably it's going to take more time.
I'm getting an exception here.
It says the the OpenAI.
Uh, sorry.
The API key must be set by passing the, uh, API key client for the OpenAI, uh, API key.
Looks like what's happening at the moment is that, uh, this particular, uh, this particular evaluator
is now expecting me to pass an open API key.
But guess what?
Because we are not going to be using the open APIs API, and we're going to use a local large language
model.
We also need to pass one more parameter here, which is going to be LM is equal to evaluator LM which
is this one, the large language model two that we have got just for the readability purpose.
I'm going to make this a bit more clear for you to see.
Like what's exactly that we are passing in so that you can have it clearly visualized.
So these are the evaluation metrics that I'm passing in.
And this is the result over here right.
So this is something that you need to pass to the evaluator so that it's going to use this evaluation
with this large language model two which is going to be our, our uh, our llama two.
And you can see that even if I try to add the exact evaluation LM over here, it is going to fail with
the, uh, with the API key.
Uh, looking for the OpenAI API key while I'm trying to use the local large language model.
The reason why this is happening is that this answer relevance class that we have added over here.
As I told you before, during the adding of this particular answer, I have never tried it before.
This answer relevance actually looks for the OpenAI.
So basically this answer relevance unfortunately works with the OpenAI alone, but not with, uh, with
any other models.
So if we're just going to search for, uh, answer relevance over here, uh, they have given the details
over here like what is this answer relevance metrics.
So you can see that they are unfortunately, the documentation really doesn't tell me that it should
be the LLM provider should only be OpenAI, but it is not really working with the local large language
model, which is a bummer.
So we can probably remove this answer relevance over here.
Maybe they will add it in future?
I'm not sure, but for now, we don't have that bad luck on us.
And let's try to run this code and see what's going to happen.
Now notice that the evaluation has started.
I'm telling you guys, this is going to take a long time for me.
And because we're using the, uh, bigger, uh, large language model like larger, larger language
model, like 42 gig, uh, it is going to take a long time and it's going to crank my fan as well.
So once this entire execution is done, I'll be back.
All right.
So now you can see that we have got this execution done in four minutes and five seconds.
And what I come down over here, I noticed that the context recall has got a .59, uh, in total of
the score.
And the faithfulness has got Nan and the context precision has got Nan, which means it's not applicable,
something like that.
So it's not able to find the faithfulness over here.
I could see that this could be an issue with my large language models, like I'm using the bigger LM
as well.
And maybe the machine's performance is not up to the mark and it is not returning me the correct answer.
Maybe if we use the OpenAI's, uh, API, and if you try to do the exact same thing, it could be different
altogether because the data is quite lesser comparatively.
And also the question is very straightforward.
So I would expected this whole faithfulness to be one, because I tried the exact same thing in my other
tests as well.
And I saw the faithfulness was actually coming up as one before.
And this test, for some reason in this language model, because it's the first time I'm using this,
uh, LLM model, like the bigger model, and it is taking a toll on the faithfulness over here.
So this is not quite right.
So if I try to run this one more time with a different model, probably the answer will be different.
But at least for now, I could see that the execution is happening.
And this is how we can see that we could do the evaluation of our large language model.
Just wanted to see if we could able to spend one more change on this particular test execution instead
of the context precision and answer relevance that we have got.
Maybe I'm going to say factual correctness over here and I'm going to say factual correctness.
I'm going to save this, and I'm going to try to run this one more time over here.
And while this is happening, I'm also going to show you the, uh, Lang Smith over here.
Like what has really gone in this particular execution.
You see that we have got this ragas evaluation, which is the earlier ragas evaluation that we just
tried.
And over here you will notice that we can see every single operation in the, in the Lang chain over
here.
Look at that.
So it is going to show me uh it is, it has spent around 53,702 tokens this time, which is, which
is really, really higher than ever we have seen before.
And you can see that we have got this context recall happening there, and it is getting the retrieved
context for these.
And there is this user input.
What playwright, what is playwright and what browser does it supports.
These are the retrieved contexts for that.
And then it is doing the context recall Classification in the ragas there and it is running in forests
and seas.
We also have got the faithfulness over here, uh, which is which says that the invalid JSON output.
And that's the reason why it has got failed for some reason.
Look at that.
So there is this failure happened over here saying that it couldn't able to parse that particular statement.
And that is the reason why we have got the faithfulness as, uh, nan or for that matter, uh, and
we also have got the context precision prompt over here, uh, which has also took a toll if I was not
wrong.
Uh, but you can see that the entire operation for every single row is coming.
So this is row zero, this is row one, this is row two, and this is row three.
And this is row four five, six.
So totally all the rows are being executed.
And I think the number six has has executed quite a long way over here.
Look at that.
Like how deep it went all the way down to actually get the particular response for us.
And this this proves that the execution is taking so much of time.
And all of these are recorded in our, uh, in our Lang Smith, which is amazing.
So this this only proves the point that using, uh, our Lang Smith itself, we can verify every single
operation which is happening, uh, within the, uh, within the ragas, and we can see that.
But guess what?
This is not the actual way that ragas team always say to, uh, to verify things.
They also tell us that you can verify using their own API keys like ragas has got something called as
API dot ragas.
Um, something like that I think uh, or maybe ragas, dot API app, something like that.
I was just looking at that, uh, over here, uh, and okay, let's say ragas API key.
If I go and search that, uh, and they have got this evaluation metrics, uh, and.
Yeah.
This one the app.ragas.io as you can see over here.
So this this is the one thing that you can use.
This is still in beta version.
Uh, but you can go to their dashboard and you can see how the results are going to come up.
Uh, but I have not even configured the, uh, tokens and connectivity with this particular ragas yet.
We'll be doing that later, but at least for now, you can see that we can see all the evaluation happening,
uh, over here.
And there is this current evaluation which is currently executing, uh, in our, my, uh, in this
particular change that we have did like context recall.
And there is this faithfulness.
Is it passing this time or.
No.
The the faithfulness still is failing this time as well.
And there is this factual correctness, and this one is also failing for some reason.
And that's the reason why it couldn't able to evaluate.
So probably even these two are going to be Nan this time as well.
So it's that red color there.
Uh context recall is correct, but faithfulness is still throwing a timeout error uh, for some reason.
And this is happening for all the rows like six rows that we have got.
Uh, yeah.
There we go.
It does execute the entire thing.
And we can see that there is an exception raised of timeout there.
So maybe it's all because of our local large language model and because I'm doing a recording at the
same time.
Uh, and this particular stuff doesn't meet the expectation.
And it just throwing us an exception immediately.
So probably, uh, if we run this in the open AI key, the things will be far better comparatively.
So we'll try to run the same thing in the open AI key and see how that actually works in our next lecture.